app/documentation/workhour_log.md, before:

# Work hour log

| Date (dd.mm) | Hours | Description  |
| :----:|:-----| :-----|
| 29.10. | 2    | Generic ideation and library familiarization |
| 8.11   |  1   | Preliminary requirement specification |
| 14.11  |  9   | "Mock-up" versions for the application and GUI logic |
| 15.11  |  5   | Finalizing the week 3 readiness requirements |
| 19.11  |  2   | Pylint activation and other small adjustments |
| 22.11  | 4   | Files are uploaded to app directory, search outputs list of full test indices  |
| 23.11 |  3   | Finalization of week 4 requirements and fixing week 3 missing things |
| 24.11 |  1  | Refactoring and software architecture documentation |
| 28.11 |  9  | Finalizing the basic features (upload, browse, search) |
| 29.11 | 3  | Refactoring and increasing test coverage |
| 5.12  | 9 | Finalizing all basic requirements, improving UI, adding extension features |
| 6.12  | 6  | Refactoring, documentation (manual), small UI improvements and other miscellaneous fixes |
| 7.12   | 3  | Designin mock-tests to unit test database and indexing functions |
| 14.12  | 2  | Application architecture documentation and refactoring |
| 15.12  |  4 | Refactoring (getting rid of hardcodings), improving test coverage |
| 19.12  |  3 | Applying error processing and consequential refactoring, pylint fixes, documentation |
| TOT   | 66  |  |

Commit message:

Fixing the testing, documenting for final submission

app/documentation/workhour_log.md, after:

# Work hour log

| Date (dd.mm) | Hours | Description  |
| :----:|:-----| :-----|
| 29.10. | 2    | Generic ideation and library familiarization |
| 8.11   |  1   | Preliminary requirement specification |
| 14.11  |  9   | "Mock-up" versions for the application and GUI logic |
| 15.11  |  5   | Finalizing the week 3 readiness requirements |
| 19.11  |  2   | Pylint activation and other small adjustments |
| 22.11  | 4   | Files are uploaded to app directory, search outputs list of full test indices  |
| 23.11 |  3   | Finalization of week 4 requirements and fixing week 3 missing things |
| 24.11 |  1  | Refactoring and software architecture documentation |
| 28.11 |  9  | Finalizing the basic features (upload, browse, search) |
| 29.11 | 3  | Refactoring and increasing test coverage |
| 5.12  | 9 | Finalizing all basic requirements, improving UI, adding extension features |
| 6.12  | 6  | Refactoring, documentation (manual), small UI improvements and other miscellaneous fixes |
| 7.12   | 3  | Designin mock-tests to unit test database and indexing functions |
| 14.12  | 2  | Application architecture documentation and refactoring |
| 15.12  |  4 | Refactoring (getting rid of hardcodings), improving test coverage |
| 19.12  |  3 | Applying error processing and consequential refactoring, pylint fixes, documentation |
| 19.12 (pt.2)  |  4 | Fixing the testing, documenting for final submission |
| TOT   | 70  |  |
